Added client-side-file-caching (#2689)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/101-backend/content/110-caching/102-client-side.md

> # Client side
> 
> Client-side caching is the storage of network data to a local cache for future re-use.
> After an application fetches network data, it stores that resource in a local cache. Once a resource has been cached, the service worker uses the cache on future requests for that resource to boost performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Client Side Caching

Client-side caching is the storage of network data to a local cache for future re-use. After an application fetches network data, it stores that resource in a local cache. Once a resource has been cached, the browser uses the cache on future requests for that resource to boost performance.

<BadgeLink colorScheme='red' badgeText='Watch' href='https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HiBDZgTNpXY'>Everything you need to know about HTTP Caching</BadgeLink>
```
